Did you see it clearly?
I don't care about every stitch and thread of your Su family
Two idiots guarding the pile of trash
What I really want to take away
Only Imperial Star
He just controls the Li Group
Become Li Zeyan's greatest threat Li Yuan
Such a hot day
Isn't it hot to wear gloves?
You are the woman Li Zeyan has a crush on
cousin
Please respect yourself.
I still like other people's things so much.
Li Zeyan, are you sure that what you have now is you?
I advise you
Don't move what's not yours
Can you put me down and talk?
Yasuke Lam
Pick up Miss Su's bag
It's getting more and more interesting
Li Zeyan's acting is almost done, let me down
Su Yaoan
We are still husband and wife
I don't allow you to have physical contact with any man
Especially Li Yuan
Stay away from him
He is dangerous
Are you jealous?
Are you really in love with me?
I'm just a little more intimate that the contract needs to show
Just training intimacy with you
That husband
Is that so?
Is it more intimate?
I almost got it.
Then I might as well fake it
Ah wait a minute
Wait a minute I'm going to say I'm begging for mercy
This concludes our exercise for today
Li Zeyan seems to be very afraid of Li Yuan
I remember that Li Zeyan had a brother who passed away when he was very young
Li Zeyan is the son of a long house
But it has been suppressed by Li Yuan
Could it have something to do with this?
Li Zeyan is really careful
I'm just a little more intimate that the contract needs to show
No no
I can't be teased by him anymore
I have my revenge
Don't implicate others
Especially Li Zeyan